Beverly Hills mortgage banking firm is seeking an experienced Loan Processor - Transaction Coordinator to support our top producing mortgage bankers. This individual must have extensive knowledge of the mortgage process to handle a wide variety of loan files, and the organizational skills to manage a busy pipeline.This individual will act as a key point of contact for the borrower, your team members and all other parties involved in the loan process. You must possess a strong sense of ownership over your files as you are responsible for tracking closing dates, contingency dates, lock expirations, appraisal and title orders, etc. You need to provide exceptional client service by handling requests in a friendly and efficient manner.Key functions include:Support mortgage banker as a liaison between client, operations staff and third parties such as realtors and escrow.Prioritize tasks based on team needs and file deadlines.Request and organize client documentation needed for loan submission and loan closing.Assure that all client files are complete and in compliance with regulatory agencies and internal policies.Provide client with periodic status updates of their loan application.Maintain and update client files and loan officer databases with records and information needed for recurring internal reports.We place a heavy emphasis on technology, including Internet and cloud-based applications, online collaboration and electronic documentation. It is vital that you are comfortable with these items and are able to build your technical knowledge quickly.ABOUT CARLYLE FINANCIALCarlyle Financial is a mortgage bank based in Beverly Hills, offering a full range of home loan products. We concentrate on providing a high level of personal service with an emphasis on developing long-term relationships with our clients rather than treating them simply as a single transaction. As a mortgage bank and direct lender, we control all aspects of the home loan process, from origination to funding. This means that we operate more efficiently and have less paperwork than our competitors, and close most home loans in fewer than 30 days, which translates to superior service and pricing for our clients.We are a fast-paced, tech-focused company. We are looking for intelligent individuals with a strong work ethic as we are rapidly expanding into new regional markets. You may view our TV commercial on our website at #URL_e588d91d9443c2f8287616b7660307687a8128016f1622dc1964e1ed23f073bf#**All candidates will be subject to a background check and asked to provide references**Carlyle Financial is an Equal Opportunity Employer.Please no phone calls.