Corporate overviewAker Solutions is a global provider of products, systems and services to the oil and gas industry. Our engineering, design and technology bring discoveries into production and maximize recovery from each petroleum field. We employ approximately 28,000 people in about 30 countries. Go to #URL_0fa3f7c5e23a16de16a841e368006cae916884407d90b154dfef3976483a71ae# for more information on our business, people and values.We are looking for individuals who are prepared to take a position. Not only a position within Aker Solutions, but also a position on the exciting challenges the global oil and gas industry faces now and in the future.The jobholder will support the Electronic / Electrical engineering group achieve their objectives within a quality critical and high reliability engineering/production environment. The jobholder will be responsible for ‘first level’ analysis to resolve system issues, failures and non-conformances within production and provide initial engineering support to rectify or escalate any issue in a timely manner. The jobholder will aid the Electronic / Electrical engineering group drive continuous improvement and perform root cause analysis of electronic printed circuit boards, systems, sub-assemblies and assemblies to component level. The jobholder will be responsible for ensuring technical conformance to specifications while ensuring all work is documented and performed in accordance with company procedures &amp; documentation. To carry out any other requirements needed to allow the company to operate efficiently.Responsibilities and tasks• To work in a safe manner at all times, to comply with all current safety legislation and Company safety policy.• To work at all times to the Company’s Quality Management System.• Evaluate and investigate electronic /electrical equipment &amp; systems, debug, repair to component level.• Action HALT, HASS and ESS testing to ensure reliability of electronic / electrical equipment used in harsh, extreme and safety critical environments • Assist the Engineers with enhanced/non-standard system test, engineering changes, process development, improvement of procedural documentation and NPI (New Product Introduction). • Support Operators/Technicians to improve quality awareness and aid standardization of processes while supporting the Electronic /Electrical group enhance overall system reliability and reduce system defects.• Demonstrate team working and ensure any work carried out by self is performed within schedule • Ensure that documentation is robust, concise, relevant and that quality systems are adhered to.• Ensure all calibrated equipment used within the build, test process is within calibration date and fully maintained for the work activities.• Ensure work area is maintained in a safe and tidy manner.• Play a pro-active role in housekeeping and continuous improvement initiatives.As necessary, perform other duties, requiring essentially the same level of skill &amp; responsibility, when required.